Almost two square plots side by side. Both have the same x- and y-axis with roughly the same limits. The y-axis is labeled Luminosity [L_sun] and the scale is in a log-space from 0 to ~400. The x-axis is labeled Effective Temperature [K] and is on a linear scale ranging from just below 5400 K to above 4200 K. None of the numbers are explicitly on the corners of the plots, and these limits vary slightly over and under the tick labels. There is a colorbar to the right of the two plots labeled [M/H] and shows the metallicity of the stars from just below -2.0 at the bottom up to just above 0.5 at the top. The colors scale ranges from white to dark blue, following through hues of blue on the way. The filled circles are all outlined in black, so that the low metallicity stars can be seen on a white background. 

The plot on the left has a title stating 'Red Clump Stars: 2446' and a legend in the bottom left corner, indicating that cross markers represent the red giant stars and filled circles correspond to the red clump stars. The filled circles are far more prominent on the plot as these are the stars we want to show. The crosses lie under the filled circles and run from almost the left-hand corner of the plot to the top right. They have a width corresponding to around 200 K and this gets slightly thicker as the sequence moves to the top right. The crosses are roughly evenly distributed, although a clump of them is visible under the bottom filled circles. This corresponds to the red bump stars. The filled circles indicating the red clump stars start about half way across the plot, and about half way up the sequence of crosses. The majority of the points form almost a triangular shape, fanning out towards the left-hand side of the plot. These points are more dispersed at the upper and lower areas. They are a collection of hues, with the darker points (corresponding to more metal-rich stars) more towards the center, and the more metal-poor stars generally towards the middle and left-hand side of the red clump. There are a few stars removed from this fan shape, further towards the left-hand side of the plot. The larger stars (indicated by the size of the points) are towards the top of the plot and the top left, with the smaller stars in the clump or on the right of it, overlapping with the crosses. There is a collection of stars below the fan shape, indicative of the secondary red clump. Next to the legend at the bottom of the plot is a text box stating 'Point Sizes Indicative of Stellar Mass [M_sun]', and next to this is a representative error bar for the red clump stars, with spans ~10K in temperature and a couple of solar luminosities. 

The left-hand plot shows the same as the right-hand plot, but in reverse, with the crosses indicating the red clump stars from the left-hand plot and the points representing the red giant stars, shown as crosses on the left. There is a similar legend in the bottom left corner showing that crosses are indicative of red clump stars and filled circles are indicative of red giant stars. There is also an error bar in the bottom right corner of the plot showing a smaller error for both luminosity and temperature for these stars. For the points themselves, the sequence is the same as described above but now the color and size of the points is evident. There is a larger abundance of metal-poor stars towards the warmer edge of the sequence. There is a clear edge to the sequence on the right with more scattering on the left, and a couple of points dotted about to the top right and to the right of the sequence. The bottom of the sequence is also very sharp. The sizes of the points are less varied that on the Red Clump plot but do show high mass stars toward the top left. There are also low metallicity stars in this area. The title of this plot reads 'Red Giant Stars: 4053', indicating the number of stars in the red giant sample shown on this plot. 